Please accept my deepest condolences.
Our love goes out to you.
[Name] soul has found rest
Never forget, you have friends who love you.
We shall always pray for you.
Dealing with loss is never easy.
Sharing in your sorrow. With love and friendship.
May [Name] memories comfort you.
People like [Name] are truly rare.
I hope you know we are here for you.
This tragedy has devastated us all.
[Name] is now with the angels above.
You are in our thoughts and prayers.
We learned of [Name] untimely demise.
The death of [Name] truly saddens me.
Thinking of you, at this time of loss.
Losing someone you love is never easy.
Always thinking of you and your family.
Thinking of you, in this difficult time
[Name] continues to rest in God’s bosom.
[Name] shall continue to rest eternally.
May the Lord continue to strengthen you.
I am thinking about you and sending love.
Just learned [Name] is no longer with us.
You are in our hearts, whatever you need.
[Name] passing is a very terrible tragedy
[Name] has found peace and freedom in God
May you find enough peace to comfort you.
Your loss saddens us; we are deeply sorry.
May loving memories of [Name] comfort you.
Someone so special can never be forgotten.
We sympathize with you, with heavy hearts.
[Name] passing is quite devastating news.
Let me offer my sincere condolences to you.
[Name] is resting in the bosom of the Lord.
The tragic loss of [Name] deeply saddens me.
Your loss has left all of us deeply saddened.
May your memories give you peace and comfort.
My sincere condolences to you and your family
I want to extend my heartfelt sympathy to you.
Let our love engulf you in this trying period.
Words cannot even begin to express our sorrow.
We shall always be available when you need us.
The news of [Name] death, saddened us greatly.
May your sorrow lighten with each passing day.
I hope you accept my condolences for your loss
May your heart and soul find peace and comfort.
Our thoughts are with you, in this trying time.
Gone from our sight, but never from our hearts.
My sincere condolences over the death of [Name].
The news of [Name] death came as a shock to me.
So sorry to receive the news of [Name] passing.
We greatly sympathize with you and your family.
We will continue praying for you from our hearts
My family’s hearts are with you and your family.
Our hearts go out to you in your time of sorrow.
We are very saddened to hear of your recent loss.
Please accept my sympathy over the loss of [Name]
Let me know right away if you ever need my help.
We shall continually pray for you and your family.
A gem as special as [name] can never be forgotten,
Words cannot express how pained I am for your loss
[Name] shall really be missed. Accept our sympathy.
No words can describe how sorry I am for your loss.
Our deepest condolences, from the family of [Name].
More than anything, may you find peace and comfort.
If we can comfort you in anyway, please let us know.
My heart goes out to you during this difficult time.
We are deeply saddened to learn about [Name] passing
May love surround you enough to take your pain away.
Our hearts and thoughts remain with you as you mourn.
We pray time will heal and lighten the pain you feel.
I was shocked to hear about the tragic loss of [Name]
May you be patient enough to get through this journey
[Name] has left us with a lot of sorrow to deal with.
A thought of sympathy and love to the grieving family
A phone call is all you need to have me there with you.
Words fall short of expressing my sorrow for your loss.
Thinking about you and your family in this time of need.
From my family with love, accept our deepest sympathies.
Call me if you need anything. May his/her soul find peace
Wishing well of you and your family in this time of loss.
Sorry for your loss. You are in our thoughts and prayers.
My thoughts are with you, even as my love goes out to you.
May peace and comfort find you during this difficult time.
Just one phone call, if you ever need to hear a kind voice
If you need anything, please do not hesitate to reach out.
[Name] definitely left his/her prints on the sands of time.
Heartfelt sorrow and condolences, from my family to yours.
Please accept my deepest condolences for your family’s loss.
May you find love, strong enough to comfort you as you mourn
We sincerely hope peace finds you during this difficult time.
Sadness engulfed us the moment we learned of [Name] passing.
Prayers are known to ease burdens, you are currently in mine.
The news of your loss deeply saddened us, we are truly sorry.
Let the love of people who care help you through this journey.
My heart goes out to you and your family. Accept my sympathy.
Our condolences to the family of [name], with love from [name]
May you be comforted by the outpouring of love surrounding you.
I am here for you. Please let me know if I can help in any way.
Still praying for you, may you find the strength to bear this loss.
My heart goes out to you and your family at this difficult time.
“Please accept my deepest condolences.”
Our hearts go out to you in your time of sorrow.
Our deepest sympathies to you and your family during this difficult time.
Our collective hearts are heavy with sympathy.
No words can describe how sorry I am for your loss.
My memories are seeing a warm smile, soft words and loving demeanor. She will be missed but will live on in all the minds of those who had the privilege of knowing her.
My family’s hearts are with you and your family.
May her memory be eternal.
I only hope your memories sustain you through this difficult time.
A thought of comfort and condolences to the grieving family.
Our prayers for peace and beautiful memories are with you and your family.
[Name] left us too soon, but she will live in our hearts and our memories full of love, joy, and compassion.
[Name] will be forever missed.
She will be missed but never forgotten.
Our thoughts are with you at this sad time. 
[Name] has fought a good fight and now the battle is done and he is victorious in Jesus.
We are so sorry you are experiencing such a great loss to your family. You are in our thoughts during this difficult time.
We don’t know how to heal your pain but wish we could. Our most sincere condolences.
Please accept our most heartfelt sympathies for your loss. Our thoughts are with you and your family during this difficult time.
We hope you find peace and solace in your time of need. We send you our sympathy and prayers that the days ahead bring you peace and comfort.
We stand by our uncle, in a time where his beloved wife passed away.
We will forever remember [Name] for the sweet, lovely person that she was. Rest in peace
Wishing you peace to bring comfort, the courage to face the days ahead and loving memories to forever hold in your hearts
Today and always, may fond memories bring you peace, support, and strength
With our love and deepest sympathy as we remember [Name]
Thinking of your family with love and wanting to help out in any way I can.
I feel privileged and fortunate to have known your Mother. I will miss her terribly.
Just wanted to send some love your way after hearing about your loss.
Your cousin was a kind soul. Our world has lost a good one.
I will treasure my memories of your grandmother. I loved her sense of humor.
We are deeply troubled by this sudden loss. Our thoughts and prayers are with you.
We’ve lost an amazing friend. Please don’t hesitate to reach out if I can help in any way.
I will never forget his smile. My sincere condolences.
We are grieving the loss of your wife and keeping you in our thoughts.
We share in your loss with love and friendship.
All that I can say is that I am sorry to hear about this incident. My thoughts will be with you in my future prayers.
Deepest condolences on the loss of your Mother. A nicer lady never lived.
Sorry for your loss. Stay strong – God is our refuge and strength.
We are deeply sorry for your loss. Please accept our condolences and may our prayers help comfort you.
We hold you close in our thoughts and hope you know you can lean on us for whatever you may need. Sincere condolences
It was truly a pleasure to have gotten to know [Name]. He/she will be missed dearly.
[Name], sorry to hear of your father’s passing. I’ll always remember the huge smile on your face and light in your eyes whenever you spoke of him. My sincere condolences.
We hope this card finds you surrounded by love and compassion. Our most heartfelt condolences.
[Name] passing is devastating news. Please accept my sincere condolences.
A kind voice is just a phone call away. 
A loved ones passing is never easy. 
A thought of comfort and condolences to the grieving family. 
Allow the love of others to lift you in this time of grief. 
Allow yourself time to grieve tears can heal the soul. 
I am deeply saddened by (Name of deceased) death. 
I am sorry for your loss. Our thoughts are with you and your family during these difficult times. 
I am very sorry to hear about the loss of your (Name of deceased). I don’t know what to say. 
This must be really tough for you. 
I hurt for you. 
I want to express my condolences to you. 
I want to offer my deepest condolences. 
I want you to know friends who love you surround you. 
I was deeply saddened by the news of (Name of deceased) passing. 
My heartfelt condolences to you and your family. 
I was truly saddened by the death of (Name of deceased). 
I will be thinking of you in this moment of pain. 
I hope you can hold on to the good memories. 
I’m always there in your hour of need. May her soul rest in peace. 
I’m so sorry about your (Father, Mother; Brother; etc. or Name the deceased) 
If we can provide you comfort, know our thoughts are with you. 
It was a shock to hear the news of (Name of deceased) passing. 
Let patience be upon you in this time of grief. 
Let the memories of (Name of deceased) life comfort you in his/her death. 
May the memories of (Name of deceased) help you find peace. 
May the passage of time heal your grief. 
May you find comfort in loving memories. 
My family and I were saddened to learn of (Name of deceased) death. 
My family extends to you our deepest sympathies. 
My heartfelt condolences go out to you and your family 
No words can describe how sorry I am for your loss. 
Our collective hearts are heavy with sympathy. 
Our hearts are with you. 
Our hearts go out to you in your time of sorrow. 
Please accept our heartfelt condolences. 
Please let me know of any way I can help you. 
Sharing in your sorrow with love and friendship. 
Someone so special can never be forgotten. 
Sorry to hear about (Name of deceased). It is never easy. My prayers are with you and your family. 
The news of (Name of deceased) death brings much sadness. 
There were few who could compare to (Name of deceased). 
Thinking of you, at this time of loss. 
We are consumed with sadness to learn of the tragic loss of (Name of deceased). 
We are here for you. 
We are thinking of you during these difficult times. 
We cannot begin to imagine what you are feeling but let us share our heart-felt condolence. 
We know the day will come but death always leaves us with grief. 
We offer deepest condolences to you and your family. 
We pray the love for the lost is forever carried in your memory. 
We stand by our uncle, in a time where his beloved wife passed away. 
When someone you love becomes a memory, the memory becomes a treasure. 
Words fall short of expressing my sorrow for your loss. 
Words fall short of expressing my sorrow. My condolences. 
You and your family are in our prayers. Sorry to hear of your loss. 
You are in our hearts and prayers. 
Your family is surrounded by the love of many.

Someone so special can never be forgotten, may his soul rest in peace. 
My families hearts are with you and your family, may (Name of deceased) rest In peace. 
Please be strong so that her soul can rest in peace. 
May (Her/His) the soul rest in peace. 
My prayers to the Almighty would be that may her soul rest in peace and may you stay calm. 
May the soul of your (Name of deceased) rest in peace. 
A good person has stopped beating, a good soul soared to heaven. We part with our beloved (Name of deceased) in pain. - RIP 
I’m so sorry to hear of your loss.   
I’m stunned by this news. I’m so very sorry for your loss.  
My heart aches to hear this news. I’m praying for everyone.  
I love you and I’m here for you.  
Please know that your friends love you and are here for you.  
I’m so sorry. My heart goes out to you.  
My deepest sympathies to you and your family.  
God bless you and your family.  
My thoughts and prayers are with you in your time of grief.  
I’m so sorry for your loss. I’m going to miss her/him too.  
I wish you peace and comfort as you grieve.  
Please accept our deepest condolences for your loss.  
What a beautiful life s/he lived. I’m so very sorry for your loss.  
My heart is heavy today, and I know yours is too.  
Words can’t describe how sorry I am at this loss. You’re in my prayers.  
As you go through this difficult time, remember that you are so loved.   
You and your family are in my thoughts as you grieve this loss. All my love.  
I wish I could be there to comfort you as you grieve. I’m holding you in my heart.   
What a great loss to the world. S/he will be missed by so many.  
My heart goes out to you and to everyone who loved her/him. This is such a huge loss.  
What a lovely person, who will be deeply missed. 
Please know we are thinking of you and your family during this difficult time. 
We are so lucky to have you as a member of our office and are saddened to hear of your loss. Please know you are in our thoughts. 
Wishing you peace and comfort during this hard time. 
We are so sorry to have learned about your loss. We are here for you however needed. 
The office is with you in your thoughts during this time of healing.
We are saddened to learn of the loss you’ve had, please let us know how we may help you heal. 
I hope this card finds you surrounded by strength and compassion.
Please accept our warmest condolences, we are deeply sorry for your loss. 
Our hearts are saddened to learn of your loss, please know we are with you. 
We hope you know we are by your side during this time of sorrow. 
“Tearless grief bleeds inwardly.” Christian Bovee.
“Grief and sadness knits two hearts in closer bonds than happiness ever can and common sufferings are far stronger than common joys.” Alphonse de Lamartine
“Heaven knows we need never be ashamed of our tears, for they are rain upon the blinding dust of earth, overlying our hard hearts.” Charles Dickens
“Time heals grief and quarrels, for we change and are no longer the same person.” Blaise Pascal
“Those who learned to know death, rather than to fear and fight it, become our teachers about life” Dr. Elisabeth Kubler-Ross
“When you are sorrowful look again in your heart, and you shall see that in truth you are weeping for that which has been your delight.” Kahlil Gibran
“When you speak of him/her speak not with tears for thoughts of him/her should not be sad. Let memories of the times you shared give you comfort for his/her life was rich because of you.” Author Unknown
“Your dexterous wit will haunt us long, wounding our grief with yesterday, your laughter is a broken song; and death has found you, kind and gay. We may forget those transient things, that made your charm and our delight, but loyal love has deathless wings, that rise and triumph out of the night. So, in the days to come, your name shall be as music that ascends, when honor turns a heart from shame…O heart of hearts! O friends of friends!” Siegfried Sassoon
“There are things that we don't want to happen but have to accept, things we don't want to know but have to learn, and people we can't live without but have to let go.” Author Unknown
There are no words to express my sorrow for your loss.
You are in my thoughts and prayers.
Don’t forget how much we love and care about you.
Please know that I am thinking of you and the rest of your family at this time
My heart is heavy as I think of your Mom/Dad and the blessing she/he was to me.
May the love of your family comfort you in the days ahead.
Praying that the Lord will give you strength during this difficult time.
Please accept my deepest sympathies for your loss; my prayers are with you and your children during this difficult time.
My sincere condolences. May you find comfort and the strength to cope
Our condolences to you at this sad time.
There are no words to express my sorrow for your loss.
You are in my thoughts and prayers.
Don’t forget how much we love and care about you.
Please know that I am thinking of you and the rest of your family at this time
My heart is heavy as I think of your Mom/Dad and the blessing she/he was to me.
May the love of your family comfort you in the days ahead.
Praying that the Lord will give you strength during this difficult time.
Please accept my deepest sympathies for your loss; my prayers are with you and your children during this difficult time.
My sincere condolences. May you find comfort and the strength to cope
Our condolences to you at this sad time.
Say that you're sorry for their loss
Share a funny memory of the deceased
Mention their unique qualities
Say that you'll miss them also
There are no words to express my sorrow for your loss.
You are in my thoughts and prayers.
Don’t forget how much we love and care about you.
Please know that I am thinking of you and the rest of your family at this time
My heart is heavy as I think of your Mom/Dad and the blessing she/he was to me.
May the love of your family comfort you in the days ahead.
Praying that the Lord will give you strength during this difficult time.
Please accept my deepest sympathies for your loss; my prayers are with you and your children during this difficult time.
My sincere condolences. May you find comfort and the strength to cope
Our condolences to you at this sad time.



 



